openapi: add run_stopped_at to status endpoint (#398)
reanahub/reana-commons: CHANGES.rst

- Adds OpenAPI specification support for ``prune_workspace`` endpoint that allows to delete files that are neither inputs nor outputs from the workspace.
- Adds support for ``tests.files`` in ``reana.yaml`` allowing to specify Gherking feature files for testing.

> - Changes the server OpenAPI specification to include the ``run_stopped_at`` property in the ``progress`` value returned by the ``status`` endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changes the OpenAPI specification to include the ``run_stopped_at`` property in the workflow progress information returned by the workflow list and workflow status endpoints.
```
